✨(forum) allow moderators and instructors to move topics in the same LTIContext (#208)
openfun/ashley: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

>  - add feat to be able to move topics to forums in the same LTIContext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - allow to move topics to forums in the same LTIContext
```

- allow to search users by any of its meaningful fields in Django admin
- allow to archive a forum with the new `can_archive_forum` permission

> - allow to move topics to forums in the same LTIContext

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- allow administrators and instructors to move topics to forums in the same LTIContext
```
